what's up guys wear it pax east and it
is freezing and dry and we don't care
because we are here to get our way into
the Xbox beta of smite we got Todd
Harris here he's going to tell us about
how far it's come since reveal at the
World Championships so what have you
guys been working on with the xbox
version of smite over the last couple
months yeah you guys saw it at the smite
World Championship in January the team's
been working really hard I think the the
two big things are of course the
controls we're always optimizing those
make sure they feel really awesome and
they'd feel really good in this build
and then the user interface has come a
long way so specifically the the gods
selection screen and the item store have
been optimized for the consult and
there's further improvements still
coming actually so the item store feels
pretty good so we think it's in a
generally good good place but God
selection is better in this build which
is basically the pre alpha build it'll
be even better in beta that's coming up
so team continues to work on it and but
it looks really nice on this TV here so
is there any primary changes you guys
have decided where the pc versions
divergent from the xbox version
certainly not in terms of functionality
I mean it's going to be a Content parity
and feature function parody and we're
almost there with this build about the
only major function that's not in here
yet well I'd say there's 21 is the bgs
system which will be in the xbox one but
it's not yet and then also the ability
to actually customize every ability
targeting mode viability which is in the
PC and that will also be coming to the
Xbox but it's not in this alphaville but
feature function game mode gods of
course it will be consistent with the pc
it's just a matter of making sure the
key elements from a HUD standpoint and a
UI standpoint really work well for this
TV experience do you have any plans
working with curse for a voice system on
xbox no current plans on that just
because you know xbox live includes
voice as a part of that core multiplayer
experience so I think we're going to
stick with that
game perfect and then I kind of wanted
to you some of the things coming I know
people have been pay attention the data
mining have seen the Medusa icon with
the boobs on the snake how is that
development going guys having fun with
her I can confirm nothing other than
that she is in the data mined abilities
and we're pretty excited and how are
things going at the office you guys have
been expanding so fast you guys have a
new set up for testing the Xbox apart
from your normal setup yeah we do I mean
I think as we touched in January you
know last year was huge based on smite
community success and growth we've
doubled besides the studio from 75 to
150 actually now to 160 people so keep
expanding and now we do have a separate
play test configuration for the xbox one
because we're we're heating up you know
basically alpha starts March 11th so you
guys will be getting your keys come see
as the packs if you if you want to pick
up a key and then if that goes well we
think it will will start closed beta in
April so some big milestones ahead for
smite for the people that aren't too
sold on this yet you have plans of using
twitch to kind of promote this beta oh
yeah I mean we've been a you know which
has been a great partner for so in alpha
we're not going to allow streaming but
once we start beta will allow those
players to stream and of course will
swim ourselves on twitch and that's just
a great way for people to see the game
for themselves not only the existing PC
community but brand new set of folks on
xbox will hopefully discover it via
twitch and of course it'll be free on
xbox the same way it is on the pc so
pretty easy for people to download it
and mess around with it and see if it's
the the mo before them so all right
thanks for your time you guys take a
look below we've got keys we got codes
we got a lots of giveaways and of course
James next stream with smite it's going
to have some sweet things for you so
don't miss it out on that thanks for
your time Joe thanks free time Todd okay
awesome see you guys